Fix #1160 - aggregate_failures without line path (#1163)
rspec/rspec-expectations: Changelog.md

* Improve `include` matcher's composability. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1155)
* Mocks expectations can now set a custom failure message.
  (Benoit Tigeot and Nicolas Zermati, #1156)

> * The `aggregate_failures` method now shows the line path of each failure. (Fabricio Bedin, #1160)

Reviewer: Grammatically this reads better (but also this is #1163)
```suggestion
* `aggregate_failures` now shows the backtrace line for each failure. (Fabricio Bedin, #1163)
```
